OCPBUGS-19806 updated CO release notes with known issue (#65716)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/compliance_operator/compliance-operator-release-notes.adoc

* Additional clarity for auditing security context constraints (SCCs) is now available for the `scc-limit-container-allowed-capabilities` rule.

[id="compliance-operator-1-2-0-known-issues"]
=== Known issues

> * When using the CIS {product-title} 4 Benchmark v1.4.0 profile, some controls might fail due to tightened permissions in the CIS profile than exists in {product-title}. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7024725[Solution article #7024725].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When using the CIS {product-title} 4 Benchmark v1.4.0 profile, some controls might fail due to tighter permissions in the CIS profile than in {product-title}. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7024725[Solution article #7024725].
```
Have you sent this through CM?

Author: No, but I will! Thanks!
